hello everyone and welcome to another
episode of the cooking with Riley show
and today we'll be making potstickers
have that in a nice broth they're nice
and steamy so our first step is to make
the dough it is just a very simple
though it's just your basic dough recipe
doesn't have a lot of flavor but it gets
the job done so our first step is to add
some flour into a bowl you don't need to
sift this flower anything you can just
dump it in straight from the bag so
throw that flour in there that's two
cups all-purpose flour you don't need to
use any special high-gluten flour for
this and our next step is to add half a
cup of warm water and now just using
floured hands just kind of work this
like I'm doing here until it comes
together into a ball then you're going
to turn it out onto your surface and
flour that surface as well that's up
about three minutes into the kneading
this is how you need it you just kind of
pick it up flip it over and smoosh it
with your hand and you're just going to
want to need this until it's nice and
smooth like we have here and to make the
wrappers there are two different methods
i'm going to show you two different easy
ways this is my favorite one right here
you roll it out with a rolling pin then
cut it with like a cookie cutter or a
cup but this does take a while and this
is a kind of tedious work so you're just
go on a roll it out and tell us a nice
even thickness and that took me about 20
25 minutes so you're really going to
want to roll it out until it's like this
thickness very thin almost as soon as
you can get it so I'm just giving a nice
another role here to make sure
everything is all even texture or not
textured even thickness sorry about that
that's looking great so our next step is
to take a cup or something like that I
just use a big cup and cut out circles
and the reason you use a cup not a knife
is so they all stay at the same shape
and you just want to do close together
like I realize I need to do here so use
all that dough that you can as you can
see here I've used it all up and I'm
just going to need it I don't want to
waste that dough knead it back together
and show you the second method so for
the second method you roll it out into a
log your dough and you're just going to
take a serrated knife cuts
thick chunks like that and it's sort of
like Aoki the process that you're doing
here so just cut all your dough into
thin strips and you're just going to
roll this out the reason I don't like
this too much it because it can either
get too long or too wide it's hard to
get it into a circle like you want but
just do the process and I'm as I'm doing
it here I usually just roll it out
really thin and then cut it with the cup
and this is what you're left with we got
some pot sticker wrappers so now let's
get started on our filling so for the
filling will need ground pork it's just
a bowl to mix it in some salt and pepper
chicken stock so soy sauce sugar garlic
and ginger scallion and toasted sesame
oil and of course our pot sticker
wrappers so let's get started on that
feeling so let's drop our ground pork
into a bowl add the garlic and ginger
add the sugar add the soy sauce add the
toasted sesame oil and you just want to
make sure you get everything out of the
bowl as you can see I miss some soy
sauce there and add your scallion
and you're also going to want to season
this lightly with salt since there is
lots of salt and soy sauce and you're
going to want to season heavily with
black pepper it's a nice generous
seasoning so now using any utensil that
you have on hand just mix it up until
it's all mixed together and this is what
you're left with so now let's fold our
pot stickers I'm not very good at this I
hate to say it this is my first time
making pot sticker so don't use my tips
as you can see there's some irregular
shape ones in the back you just want to
kind of make it kiss at the top like a
cannoli if you've ever made those before
and then you're going to want to pinch
it and fold it too you're only going to
want to pinch one layer fold it to the
first or the other layer sorry I'm not
free good at this as I said before just
you could probably find some better
tutorials on YouTube don't take my
instructions but you kind of wanted that
shape like that it's kind of like almost
like a little purse so now you just want
to use a repeat that process of course
for all your dumpling wrappers and
you're feeling and now we're going to
get onto the cooking process so into a
large pan I have some canola oil that's
been heating up for a little while just
going to drop our pot stickers in there
you can fill up the whole pan you don't
have to worry about not crowding it and
my camera went a little out of focus
their didn't want to cooperate and you
just want to brown the bottoms lightly
and that will take a few minutes now
this stage our bottoms are getting a
little bit Brown and this is where
you're going to want to add your chicken
stock and soy sauce and you're just
going to give them a pan a little shake
to make sure they're not sticking every
once in a while so some chicken stock it
will sizzle a lot at this stage and you
just want to be careful when you're
doing this it could catch on fire the
hot oil and I decided I didn't have
enough chicken stock there so I added
some more straight from the carton
is about a half a cup to three-quarters
of a cup of chicken stock and you never
want to let the pan dry out in this
process so add your soy sauce it's about
a tablespoon of soy sauce and cover
you're going to want to cover that and
let them steam for about eight minutes
until the pork is cooked through and
that's why you're left with just a
beautiful pot sticker so now you can
serve these any way you like I did it in
a nice Chinese chicken broth and topped
with some green onion so thanks for
watching guys Riley out